The tallest president was Abraham Lincoln at 6' 4"
William McKinley was the first president to campaign by telephone
Theodore Roosevelt was the first president to call his residence in Washington, D.C. the "White House"
Barack Obama collects Spiderman and Conan the Barbarian comic books
Andrew Jackson was the first president to ride a railroad train
Millard Fillmore installed the first bathtub and kitchen stove in the White House
Jimmy Carter was the first president born in a hospital
George Washington was the only president who did not represent a political party
Thomas Jefferson was the first president to shake hands with guests. People previously bowed to Presidents
Ulysses S. Grant was the first president to run against a woman candidate, Virginia Woodhull
Warren Harding was the first president to speak over the radio
Ulysses S. Grant was the first president to view the Pacific Ocean
James Buchanan was the only president to never marry
John Adams was the first person to reside in the White House
William Taft is the only president to also serve as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
William Taft was the first president to own a car
Ronald Reagan acted in 53 films before becoming president
Ronald Reagan was twice named Time magazine's "Man of the Year"
Andrew Jackson was the only president to have been a prisoner of war
Theodore Roosevelt lost the sight in one eye while boxing in the White House
John F. Kennedy was the only president to win a Pulitzer Prize
Harry S. Truman was the first president to travel underwater in a submarine
Bill Clinton was the first president to be a Rhodes Scholar
Grover Cleveland was the only president to be elected to two non-consecutive terms
Grover Cleveland was the only president married in a ceremony at the White House on June 2, 1886
Warren Harding was the first newspaper publisher to be elected as president
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the first president licensed to fly an airplane
John Quincy Adams was the first president to be photographed
In high school Bill Clinton played saxophone in a jazz trio
John Tyler was the president with the most children (15)
John Quincy Adams regularly swam nude in the Potomac River
Woodrow Wilson was the first president to have earned a Ph.D
John F. Kennedy was the first president to have served in the U.S. Navy
William McKinley was the first president to ride in an automobile
John F. Kennedy's father gave him $1,000,000 when he turned 21
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the only president to serve in both World War I & World War II
Richard Nixon is the only U.S. president to resign
An avid golfer, Woodrow Wilson used black golf balls when playing in the snow
Warren Harding was the first president to own a radio
Herbert Hoover donated his salary to charity
Thomas Jefferson read Greek, Latin, French and English
Andrew Jackson was the only president to ever kill a man in a duel
Grover Cleveland was the only president to have a child born in the White House
Barack Obama does not like ice cream as a result of working at an ice cream shop as a teenager
Zachary Taylor's horse grazed on the White House lawn
Franklin Pierce installed the first central heating system in the White House
Herbert Hoover often spoke Chinese to his wife to keep their stories private
Gerald Ford held his daughter's high school prom at the White House
George H.W. Bush survived four plane crashes during World War II
Richard Nixon was the first president to visit all 50 states and the first president to visit China
